So what is the latest update on the
Argentinian CVI? A lot of people are
waiting for Argentina passport, right?
The passport program, the citizenship by
investment. And I'm going to discuss the
latest and greatest as far as the
Argentina process is concerned. I'm also
going to discuss if it makes sense to
wait for Argentina. Everyone is
anticipating two programs. One is the
Batswana CBI and I've discussed this in
a lot of detail. And if you have missed
my coverage on this one, definitely
return and take a look at this video.
Compared some alternatives that you
should consider or you can consider. But
here I'm going to talk about Argentina.
Now, is this Yes, we know. We know. What
we know so far is the threshold is most
likely going to be 500k
USD. The program is supposed to go live
probably by the end of this year or
early next year if things go picture
perfect. But with a country like
Argentina and the threat that it faces
from Shingen, from EU, from US, those
countries absolutely hate CBI programs.
If Argentina wants to keep all the rich
access that it always had on the
passport is one of the strongest
passports. If you want, if it wants to
keep it strong, then it better not come
up with a CBI because the moment it
comes up with a CBI, it will earn a
couple of bucks, but then it runs a
great chance of losing that visa free
access to key important countries. The
ETA will kill that option for any
investor who is trying to purchase that
citizenship. But what is the price
point? 500k is being discussed because a
lot of vendor agencies that have
submitted their tenders for the
Argentina program they have pitched 500k
USD now a lot of people might be
thinking at this point is it real estate
investment is it donation it's it's not
going to be real estate okay it's
definitely not going to be real estate
it's definitely not going to be a pay
for passport option because as I said
earlier the moment it's a passport and
exchange for money that program will
lose all the shingan access and mili the
country is not stupid to the people are
not stupid to make that happen or let
that happen so you're definitely going
to see some logical investment in
certain industries so yes you're funding
a lot of important projects so you're
creating some incentive for the country
you're playing a substantial role in the
growth of the country through investment
in strategic projects and programs but
that also happens in Caribbean. Here
what's going to be different is you
would have to establish some logical
connections, some logical ties to the
country. So yes, like Turkey, Turkey
won't now change their program to create
a residency first and then you apply for
citizenship. In Argentina, this is going
to be more structured where yes,
there'll be some flexibility on that
residency, maybe 30 days per year, but
you have to establish some logical
residency first. That is at least what
is being expected of that program. A is
it going to be anytime soon? No. Because
it's going to be a complex initiative.
Argentina is not a small island nation
where tomorrow they're going to change a
couple of rules and launch a CBI
program. It's going to be a longdrawn
effort. Does it make sense to wait?
Well, I think for most people for what
you're looking for a quick citizenship
and easy citizenship, it is not going to
be easy. It's going to be bureaucratic.
The processing times at least I think
would be a year or year and a half
considering it's going to be a new
program. I'm thinking at least a year or
year and a half would be the processing
time in order to be eligible in order to
complete your investment in order to go
through the process. I think it'll take
6 months to at least a year. So you're
definitely looking at couple of years of
time to citizenship. You could also
naturally
uh move there, spend a couple of years
currently and can still apply for
citizenship. The only difference at this
point is going to be physical presence
waiver. So instead of spending 2 years
in Argentina and then being eligible for
citizenship with a CBI program, you're
going to be sitting at home maybe spend
30 days or 60 days, we got to look at
what the physical presence would be
mandated for the new program and then of
course do your investment in a certain
industry. Maybe there's a job creation
requirement under a certain option or
more donation. It it all depends. So
maybe the way I'm thinking is it would
be a 500k in a certain industry with you
know certain number of jobs to be
created or 500k of donation plus some
other amount of donation and that makes
it you know covers up for the job
requirement. So something like that
would need to be in place in order for
this program to go live. The other thing
that Milai is trying to do is try to get
a visa-free access to the US. Now I
think there's 99.9%
or no chance I feel of acquiring the US
visa-free access. It's a good marketing
pitch for that program. But considering
that they want to establish good
relations or maintain good relations
with the US, uh I I feel the program has
to be an hybrid option between a
residency based and obviously a CBI
style uh donationbased program. Does it
make sense to wait for this program? I
personally feel it makes zero sense for
most of you watching to wait for that
program. Yes, at some point if it comes
out, yes, you can think about it. But
what are the options right now in the
CBI space that do make sense? The three
options uh within the CBI space and
before I get to the three passport
options, what's really really really
important is to strike Argentina style
natural paper residencies. Now Argentina
is not a paper residency anymore. So
what can you do? You can still establish
three to four solid, strong, robust
paper residencies for you and your
family. The number one option,
undisputed, the best in all of Latin
America is the Uruguay direct permanent
residency for you.
>> You can apply for citizenship and the
process takes around 6 months to one
year to get the passport. But you need
to
>> Wow. So that's that's how fast it is. 6
months to 12 months.
>> Yes. But
>> there's extreme buzz. And the buzz is
about now being able to qualify using
job salary, active salary. And you
mentioned 1,200 USD is sort of the
threshold that people should show. I
wanted to hear from you and your family
and in 3 days this whole process can be
taken care of and we have our team
established in Uroku. My head of legal
had a separate uh discussion outlining
the entire process. If you have missed
that all important video, you can return
and take a look at this one. But it
offers you a three-day path to permanent
residency and then after and the
physical presence is not required. Once
in three years you enter and you
maintain the permanent residency. Now
you could apply for citizenship between
3 to 5 years depending upon your
circumstances. Citizenship would require
more connections to the country and
again you can work with us. We can
discuss what are the requirements.
Collectively build a strategy.
Citizenship is something that you are
interested in. We can discuss that. You
can have a chat and then accordingly
plan that or sequence that the way
you're looking for it. On the same trip,
what really makes sense is to add
paraguay which is a lowhanging fruit.
You use the same set of documents, knock
off then move to Axansion. So you move
from Montreo to Axansion, spend a couple
of days, strike a Paraguay, collect the
residency from there. And the third one
that is my personal favorite is the
Mexico permanent residency or temporary
residency. Based on your circumstances,
you can qualify for either or. And the
fun thing is Mexico card process takes
just one day. So we prep ahead of time.
Of course, if you need a visa, then
that's what you get in 7 to 10 days. Of
course, you can plan for your visa
process, but once that's knocked out,
then it takes 45 minutes to to get the
Mexico card process done. and we have a
separate team in Mexico and you land and
you complete the procedure and in 45
minutes you can knock off that card. If
Mexico is not your thing or if you're
not eligible for Mexico then you can
also look at um Panama which offers two
pathways. One is a travel passport
option that is one of the most powerful
passports does not even require
citizenship. The other option is a
permanent residency, a flexible paper
permanent residency just like Mexico.
They both function similar in terms of
the paper requirements. But then again,
if you're looking to naturalize, Mexico
is a far better option. Now, in terms of
the CBI, what are the options that
you're looking at? I think the three top
contenders are STP, the cheapest
citizenship that's available on the
market, CPL connection,
and a lot of you watching have this big
question. the CPL connection to
Portugal, is it going to make it a lot
easier to get the Portuguese golden visa
or Portuguese CPL residence, your T6 or
T7 or T8? Uh, if you want to listen to
my honest opinion on this topic, you can
return and watch this video. I've
covered this in a lot of detail, but SDP
is the cheapest citizenship at 97K 95
plus M fees. So, 97 98K approximately.
You're comparing this directly with NAU.
Naru has come up with a heavy one-time
discount. You can include a lot of
family members which other programs
don't allow. So Na is the second thing
that you're comparing this with. The
third thing that you're comparing this
with is Venuatu. My personal honest
opinion is if you have and because the
margins are so narrow, I think any day
any day what really makes sense in 2026
is Vanuatu. If privacy is your main
concern, if priority citizenship is your
main concern, the fastest processing
time is your main concern, the fastest
time to get citizenship is just one
benefit. I think what's truly truly
truly magical in 2026 is the privacy
that you have. I mean, you look at the
forms and compare the three forms of the
three countries and you can clearly see
why in 2026, Banuaru makes a lot of
sense. It's not about the respect of
these passports. None of these passports
have great respect for sure. It's a CBI.
It's a pay for passport scheme. A lot of
EU countries are not going to going to
agree with it or they're not going to be
happy with any CBI passport. Even if you
get a Turkey passport or a Caribbean
passport, once the ETA goes live, it's
not if, it's just when it's the it's a
matter of time once it goes live,
they're going to discriminate. I feel
and this is not immigration advice.
personal opinion with the ETA once they
detect this is a paid for passport
scheme all of those passports are going
to have the same respect so if you
anyways going to get a CBI then Vanua 2
I think is the right choice because you
open up a lot in visa free it's a better
respected passport it's a non-African
option a lot of countries these days
feel and I'm not saying that it's just
based on stats they feel that there's a
lot of asylum cases a lot of immigration
that happens from from regions like
Africa So this is in Pacific. Not a lot
of people are filing asylum from Vanova
to in other countries. So in that sense
I I I I think this is a better travel
document. It's a more private option. I
don't feel it makes sense to wait for
any other program. Any new program does
not make any sense because the due
diligence is going to be super super
high. The requirements the bar is going
to be super high with Vanovato. This is
an old program with old forms. They've
not updated it. They have lost a lot of
access especially the EU access and no
one wants EU access these days because
with ETA almost every passport has lost
the pure visa-free access. So Vanuatu
number one choice. Number two choice I
think would still be because again
there's some problems with the Nauu
forms that I feel that puts at number
two. Number three option, it's the last
one. I feel it's the least private one
because if you open up the forms, they
have the due diligence and it almost
feels that this is designed to please
the western forces. The problem is that
they had the best due diligence to to
makes them happy. But they lost all the
axis one after the other. Each axis was
terminated from the Nauu passport. So I
think they have lost on both fronts.
haven't been able to attract any
investors only hardly 20 or or 20 plus
applications in that space which is
super low for any program. So so no one
really showed any interest in NAU and I
think the main reason is not the price
even if they keep discounting that
program even if they made it 20K. I
think a lot of people would not be
interested in providing all their
sensitive information to a place like
Na. So in that sense I think it's
definitely last on my list. Now let me
know your thoughts in the comments
below. Would you rather wait for
Argentina or you think it does not make
sense to wait for this program? And let
me know what is your favorite current
CBI on this list. Are you thinking of
starting any CBI? And if yes, then which
one? Let us know your thoughts in the
comments below. And before you go, make
sure you're subscribed to the channel
because the moment there's any update to
any of these programs, I promise you,
you would be the first one to be
notified. And if you like this video,
give me a thumbs up. and catch you in
the next